---
title: 3rd October 2024
description: Getting ready for Martin's 50th weekend in Malaga
author: John Biddulph
tags: ["Malaga", "Night"]
thumbnail: "/img/blog/test.png"
slug: "03-10-24"
---

<!-- ::callout
---
icon: https://api.iconify.design/mdi:brain.svg
---
_This_ can be rich text with [MarkDown]{.font-bold.bg-yellow-300.px-2.text-yellow-900}! 
:: -->

# 
\
&nbsp;
\
I need to wait till Albert gets home so I can say goodbye, it's 4pm and he's running about at Active Fun. He gets home late and I give him the biggest squeeze... "I love you! Be good for mummy, I am going away for 2 nights to Malaga" .... (Albert knows exactly where Malaga is in Spain, he loves Geography and is so clever with knowing his countries and flags etc)
\
&nbsp;
So I'm in the Golf R cruising up the M23 singing my heart out to 80's classics on Heart 80's until I hit traffic on the M25... now I'm worrying I won't get to Martin's for 18:24, The traffic clears and off I go again, straight through the Dartford Tunnel and already up 8 minutes on my satnav schedule.
I stop at a petrol station for a bottle of water (that's important) and a large packet of hot wotsits (not so important and unhealthy). I get to Martin's and Carol opens the door "he's out at the barbers" she says. John Hussey welcomes me in and we have a chat about what we've been watching recently and obviously brings up in conversation my dad. We sit down and have a lovely chilli (with no chilli). We sit down and continue chatting, it's always great to see John and hear what he has to say.
\
&nbsp;
\
It's nearly midnight, John leaves, Carol goes to bed and Martin and I stay up have a rum and coke and chat mainly about Dor2Dor. Bed at 1am as we have to leave at 5:50am

