---
title: 4th October 2024
description: Flight to Malaga with Martin's mates
author: John Biddulph
tags: ["Malaga", "Night"]
thumbnail: "/img/blog/malaga-arrival.jpg"
---

<!-- ::callout
---
icon: https://api.iconify.design/mdi:brain.svg
---
_This_ can be rich text with [MarkDown]{.font-bold.bg-yellow-300.px-2.text-yellow-900}! 
:: -->

# 
\
&nbsp;
\
Stanstead is packed and it's so early! Great to see James again and obviously always nice to see Mark! Most of us have breakfast in spoons with a beer.
\
&nbsp;
\
YAY I'm sharing with uncle Dave and James for 2 nights...
we board the plane, I'm sat with Charles, it's true, he is such a nice bloke, we chatted about Gibraltar, Edinburgh, life, children etc...
\
&nbsp;
\
Off the plane and into the heat of the spanish sunshine. Taxi to hotel and immediately jump in the pool and grab my second beer.
This is the life! Martin's mates are great, I remember most of them from his stag do 19 years ago when we went to Newcastle.
\
&nbsp;
\
it's 7pm, we get ready to head out for a walk to Torremolinos (Martin's booked an indian restaurant for 13), found a bar 10 mins into our walk that looks good and...even though I'm at my limit, decide to have a beer. Got chatting with Michael (the non drinker) he's great and remembers me from waaay back when aparently I did impressions of someone from Eastenders?! 
\
&nbsp;
\
We get to the indian restaurant after another 40 minutes or so hiking uphill towards Torremolinos. By this time we are all hot and sweating, it's 9pm and about 26 degrees. The indian was nice but I was so bloated a beer was brought out and placed in front of me. After that, I needed water, wchih was in fact bloating me out more.
\
&nbsp;
\
It got to 00:15 and I just had to leave, I had the worst stomach cramps.... I started walking, knowing it was a good 45 minutes. Sweating profusely and plodding onwards in the reverse direction back to the hotel down the hill I'm now in real need of a massive poo....
\
&nbsp;
\
Oh no, *holding onto my bum trying to stop it coming out* Where could I go? There wasn't any public toilets anywhere, I could possibly go into a hotel and ask to use their toilets but didn't have the courage. By now, my stomach was hurting so much and I was at the stage I needed to make a decision.
\
&nbsp;
\
I stumbled onto the dark sandy beach trying hard to walk without getting much sand in my trainers taking note of my surroundings there was people over to the right so I took a left and found a nice quiet place behind a behind a cafe / restaurant. It was dark I pulled down my pants and poised between 2 sunbeds, wait, this isn't going to work, I can't do it here I need to find somewhere decent.
\
&nbsp;
\
Further on towards the hotel I ended up puking up my idian and along with about 2 pints worth of liquid. Oh boy was I please to see my air conditioned room and comfy bed at around 1:15am