---
title: 12 April 2025
description: I believe I just became a Vide Coder....
author: John Biddulph
tags: ["vibe", "coder", "ai", "mcp", "supabase", "cursor"]
thumbnail: "/img/blog/test.png"
---

<!-- ::callout
---
icon: https://api.iconify.design/mdi:brain.svg
---
_This_ can be rich text with [MarkDown]{.font-bold.bg-yellow-300.px-2.text-yellow-900}! 
:: -->

# 
\
&nbsp;
\
As I am not working I have all the time in the world. I very recently discovered MCP (Model Context Protocol). I cancelled my Copilot subscription and signed up for Cursor PRO it's £20 but it's definitely worth it. I added the Supabase MCP and the Github MCP to my Cursor IDE and have just gone advanced further into the future! .... WOW THIS IS AMAZING!!!
\
&nbsp;
\
With the MCP's added to Cursor, I instructed my AI agent to create a to application using my supabase account and it only went away and created a new table in Supabase and a React application, I delved deeper and created authentication, I have a login and registration page, it took 2 minutes to create and test, Ooooh myyyy goooood I'm completely blown away, so, AI can do mmy job with my instruction. So i had a think for about 5 minutes.
\
&nbsp;
\
I then instructed the AI agent to create a products table with a form in the app so I can add new products. I also asked it to utilize the storage within supabase for my product images. It only went away and did it for me quite easily, I then asked for Edit and Delete functionality. Wow, I'm about 10 minutes in and I nearly have a fully functional app with authentication. Usually something like this would take at least a week to build. I am so excited to see what I can build in the morning, I'm such a geek but it excites me!