---
title: 13th October 2024
description: Edinburgh darts social
author: John Biddulph
tags: ["darts"]
thumbnail: "/img/blog/test.png"
---

<!-- ::callout
---
icon: https://api.iconify.design/mdi:brain.svg
---
_This_ can be rich text with [MarkDown]{.font-bold.bg-yellow-300.px-2.text-yellow-900}! 
:: -->

# 
\
&nbsp;
\
It was so difficult to pick where to stay... This time I chose teh Mercure at Haymarket, near Fountainbridge, maybe it's too far?! hmm oh well, it was £102 and looks semi decent.
\
&nbsp;
\
3pm and I jump on the train at West Worthing, bumped into James, he said to buy a ticket on my phone from Three Bridges, what a good idea. So I did that lol. Got to Gatwick and pondered about the north terminal, had a coffee and a wee and another coffee and a wee. 
\
&nbsp;
\
Delays, stood in a bus next to the plane waiting for the engineers to fix a leaky toilet then waited on the plan for a furtehr 30 minutes for Air Traffic Control Edinburgh to slot us in a designated estimated landing time slot... oh god!
\
&nbsp;
\
So I got to Edinburgh and jumped on a bus for 20 minutes to go and meet Tom for a couple of beers at the Brass Monkey, Still got my heavy bag with my laptop in, no time to check in at the hotel. Met Tom and had 3 and a half pints, we chatted about vans, Germany, England, accents, moustaches and what women really want.
\
&nbsp;
\
I got in a taxi (barely remember the conversation with the driver) something about a busy touristy beach holiday destination sri lanka? or Canary Islands, I can't remember just that he said there are lots of topless Scandinavian girls there.
\

&nbsp;
\
I checked in requesting more water, water is essential, especially in the night, I don't care how many times I go to the loo. The view from my window was of teh room oppossite, great, their curtains were closed!