---
title: 13th October 2024
description: Edinburgh darts social - the day
author: John Biddulph
tags: ["Edinburgh"]
thumbnail: "/img/blog/test.png"
---

<!-- ::callout
---
icon: https://api.iconify.design/mdi:brain.svg
---
_This_ can be rich text with [MarkDown]{.font-bold.bg-yellow-300.px-2.text-yellow-900}! 
:: -->

# 
\
&nbsp;
\
Alarm woke me at 07:10 so went back to sleep for an hour! ... I checked out and rated the hotel on google maps to increase my local guide score.
\
&nbsp;
\
\
&nbsp;
\
It was a cold 2ยบ very sunny morning, I walked it to the office... am I going to be sick? Do I have a hang over? Do I need breafast? No, no, no.
I feel fine, I just need a proper coffee so I got one from the office after being told off by reception at The Bayes Center for tail gating... oops!
There are so many young ladies... and men walk about as the university is just behind the office building... Why are they looking at me? cos I'm english?, can they tell? Is it the moustache? nah, it must be a combination of the pork pie hat Jess bought me, the tash and the Moncler blue/yellow sunglasses, how can I still look cool at 45? It was nice to see James in the new office, same building! Then the others started turning up... Chirag, Tom, Man, David, Jago, Cameron, Hanfie, Katy, Meg They really are a nice bunch!
\
&nbsp;
\
We discussed culture at the office until taxis picked us up and took us to the Edinburgh Street Food, followed by Darts at Flights. It was nice, we all had a good time, some of us then continued on to have a drink at Paradise Palms.
\

&nbsp;
\
I got to the Airport at 19h00 for my 21h15 flight. only a 5 minute delay but then frustratingly had to get a replacement bus from Brighton grrr!
\